Tanium v2 fetch bug (#16393)
demisto/content: Packs/TaniumThreatResponse/ReleaseNotes/2_0_6.md

#### Integrations
##### Tanium Threat Response v2

> - Fixed an issue with ***fetch incidents***, when there were more that 500 alerts in the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where ***fetch incidents*** failed in cases where there was a large number of non fetched alerts.
```
